no people we just got a new dirt bike
well as now it's used but it's boy well
you get the point um well we got on the
bike the it's a unbreakable levers on it
both sides and it's a it's a two
thousand four CR 250 it's a two stroke
of the five and wheel on the pipe we got
a Pro Circuit panel type and also a fmi
shortly on it sand dune tired triple
clamps these are upgrades so they're
like a hundred ours a pair of these um
well and I think these are called fat
bars so this been changed to fab parts
and they also has a new top end rebuild
on it and my bird is gonna come over
instead of the pike yeah I did okay it's
a see it's a 34 cr250 Honda and I think
the plastic gets been changed i'm not
sure
we all got normal day you know it's I
could say it's a very high bike I just
achey where you're good you're good man
just don't buy
lot of smoke some yeah that's the start
of the bike and just yeah it's a
fixer-upper damn for sure we got a
bottle right there cuz it's leaking oil
and it's also a red sticker so that
means you can only you know it means you
can ready-made through October that's
when you can write it on the weak and
the leak is somewhere i turn the Jets no
that's right there is the wire oh yeah
the leak is right dude man I can't
see Yeah right there's the leak
move the bottle man so yeah we're gonna
fix her up cuz it senses it's a 2004
it's a very old very old bike used very
lot some stickers on it but Tokyo mods
gonna just take everything off and make
it look like its prime you and I also
came off a flags up there and we also
have the racing tires too here's the new
one that's the old one but it's still
pretty good and yeah and also please
come on the bottom if the f MA chérie
has a spark arrestor in it or or just
versus the Pro Circuit can have the
spark arrestor in it so yeah please
comment on the bikes see you know videos
after it's done you know I through once
we get all that figs and everything and
yeah I'm good bye